MAPDAV v2.3

 Installation:
 # make install
 installs in /usr/bin

 Using mapdav:

MAPDAV v2.4.7
Useage: ./mapdav [options] {combinations}
  OPTIONS:
   --passwdfile <file>: Password file you want to use
   --namesfile <file>: Line by line list of names to use
   --hydra <file>: Output to THCHydra file format
   --wordlist <file>: Output to wordlist file format
   --singleuser <username>: Only process a single user
   --append-post xyz: Append string to the end of each combination
   --append-mid xyz: Append string inbetween names of each combination
   --append-pre xyz: Append string to the beginning of each combination
   --crop x: Crop the passwords to this many characters
   --crop-rotate x: Rotate around cropping from 2 through x characters
   --count x: Count through numbers 0 through x and put in places
                (this takes awhile, DO NOT SET THIS TOO HIGH! >9)
   --overwrite: MAPDAV will overwrite the destined output file
   --unique: Only output unique values
   --threads x: How many processing threads to use, this applies to counts
   --username <username>: A username for singular input
   --full-name <"Their Full Name">: Their full name for singular input
   --all-data <"225 glory joe chapfeild 555 7533 5557533">: Permutations
   --exaust: Exhaustive list of combinations.  List will be very large
   --verbose: Make output verbose
   --version: Print the version
  COMBINATIONS:
   fn Fn FN fi Fi mn Mn MN mi Mi ln Ln LN li Li un Un UN
  MODIFIERS:
   [rev]

       ex:
           ./mapdav --passwdfile passwd --hydra names.hydra --overwrite --unique FN:LN [rev]fn:
           ./mapdav --passwdfile passwd --wordlist names.wl
           ./mapdav --passwdfile passwd --hydra names.hydra --crop 8
           ./mapdav --full-name "John Unknown Doe" --username djohn --count 9 --overwrite --wordlist jud.out --threads 8 --verbose

  COMBINATIONS:
   fn: First name, all lowercase.
   Fn: First name, first initial uppercase, rest lowercase.
   FN: First name, all uppercase.
   fi: First initial, lowercase.
   FI: First initial, uppercase.
   mn: Middle name, all lowercase.
   Mn: Middle name, first initial uppercase, rest lowercase.
   MN: Middle name, all uppercase.
   mi: Middle initial, lowercase.
   MI: Middle initial, uppercase.
   ln: Last name, all lowercase.
   Ln: Last name, first initial uppercase, rest lowercase.
   LN: Last name, all uppercase.
   li: Last initial, lowercase.
   LI: Last initial, uppercase.
   un: Username, all lowercase.
   Un: Username, first initial uppercase, rest lowercase.
   UN: Username, all uppercase.

   All combination denotions must be followed by a colon, even if only one word.

  OUTPUT:
   Legacy support for csv as well as directories has been removed, more or
   less out of uselessness, in favor of hydra style user:pass combinations
   on each line, as well as wordlists.

  USERS:
   Valid users are picked on the basis of having anything within their "name" 
   field, and having a valid shell.  Valid shells are bash, sh, ksh, csh, and 
   tcsh.

  PLUGINS:
   To use plugins, copy a mapdav generated csv file into the plugins directory
   then type you're infile followed by the outfile.  If you write any more 
   plugins for mapdav, try to make them in this format, and you can email the 
   code to me to be included.

  EXAMPLES:
   ./mapdav --passwdfile passwd --hydra names.hydra FN:LN fn: LN:mi
     This takes the file passwd in the current directory and outputs in hydra 
     file format the username in the first field, then uppercase first name 
     followed by uppercase last name, then lowercase first name only, then 
     uppercase lastname followed by their lowercase middle initial.

    ./mapdav --passwdfile passwd --hydra names.hydra
      This causes mapdav to use it's default combo function.  For a list of the
      combos, it uses read the source code for now.

